完善脚本及节点属性相关 (#1725)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/scripting/ccclass.md

| `style`        | Grouping styles, currently only **tab** styles are supported. |

Example script is as follows:

```ts
import { _decorator, Component, Label, Sprite } from 'cc';
const { ccclass, property } = _decorator;

@ccclass('SayHello')
export class SayHello extends Component {

    // Subgroup 1
    // The property category named "bar" within the group, which contains a Label property named "label".
    @property({ group: { name: 'bar' }, type: Label }) 
    label: Label = null!; 
    // The property category named "foo" within the group, which contains a Sprite property named "sprite".
    @property({ group: { name: 'foo' }, type: Sprite }) 
    sprite: Sprite = null!;

    // Subgroup 2
    // The property category named "bar" within the group, which contains a Label property named "label2" and a Sprite property named "sprite2".
    @property({ group: { name: 'bar', id: '2' }, type: Label }) 
    label2: Label = null!; 
    @property({ group: { name: 'bar', id: '2' }, type: Sprite }) 
    sprite2: Sprite = null!;

}
```

Mounting the script to the node displays the following image in the **Inspector** panel:

![decorator-group](decorator-group.png)

> For more information about the attributes, please refer to the [Attributes](./reference/attributes.md) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional information about the properties, please refer to the [Properties](./reference/attributes.md) documentation.
```
